Add alarms for common error conditiopns (#161)
nerves-hub/nerves_hub_link: README.md

You may also need additional permissions on NervesHub to see the device and to use the
remote IEx feature.

## Alarms 

This application can set and clear the following alarms:

> * `NervesHubLink.DownloadFail` 
>   * set: HTTP Download of a .fw file has failed.
>   * clear: HTTP Download has completed.
> * `NerbesHubLink.UpdateFail`
>   * set: fwup error occurred while applying an update.
>   * clear: fwupdate has completed.
> * `NervesHubLink.SocketDisconnect`
>   * set: Socket connection to NervesHub has been closed or disconnected.
>   * clear: Socket connection has been restored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `NervesHubLink.Disconnected`
  * set: An issue is preventing a connection to NervesHub or one just hasn't been made yet
  * clear: Currently connected to NervesHub
* `NervesHubLink.UpdateInProgress` 
  * set: A new firmware update is being downloaded or applied
  * clear: No updates are happening
```

I changed the alarms around a bit. DownloadFail/UpdateFail are more events that alarms. I.e., they happened; they're not ongoing conditions. I changed SocketDisconnect to Disconnected to be more generic. Not that it matters now, but I think the consumer of that alarm only cares whether the NHL<->NH connection works or not.

I think that "UpdateInProgress" is what you're looking for since that would be useful in showing a message to a user that they may want to wait for the new firmware to be applied or perhaps that a reboot was imminent.
